Let's get started with the lesson,
regions and availability zones.
Later, we'll get into service level resiliency,
understanding business objectives, and reacting to failure.
In this lesson, you will learn about
the physical and networking infrastructure that AWS provides.
You'll built infrastructure that uses many of the capabilities of AWSs global footprint.
You'll begin at the highest level with AWS regions.
Then, we'll dive in and look at availability zones that live within regions.
You will learn to distinguish between resources and specific regions
versus the global AWS services which span all regions.
Within regions are VPCs which are your own personal networks within AWS.
You will explore AWS networking by creating a new VPC and modifying
its network layout and access within the VPC private network.